they're the worst team in the league in
the worst neighborhood in the city
Wow if you're about to get some help
from the last person they ever expected
that boom guys like coach you work for
Smyth and Stevens securities yes what
the hell did you blow what well I'm sure
you're not coaching this team by a
choice what's going on
all right limbs breaking out single
right quick undress a cat in the Apple
fall obviously I do all my guns guys
this box here okay I got it
thanks Andre raid Pete now better back
the heck up all talk miles
Penfield the second mistake what's up
Kofi you're scared of the ball new rule
no one can say anything bad anyone else
on the field I think it's wonderful that
you're teaching these boys to play
baseball
oh my god Carter I just think it's a
shame no one spends any time helping him
to read
mr. Wilk said she had a good feeling
about you miss Wilkes said that why
don't we have dinner what about after
the game on Saturday Saturday the boys
would love to see you there you're not
really trying to get Miss wokes are you
no why
good cuz I already tried and she ain't
having it yeah me too
ready miles I'm an old your walkman
Paramount Pictures presents in
association with fireworks pictures
coaches best thing I ever did
Accio for the first time the story of
ten kids and a coach who never had a
chance
Wow from nobody filed to come back until
they took a chance on each other you do
around here for fun
baseball with you
you guys will never be a team until you
see it played right
one of the most important things in life
is showing up I'm blown away by your
ability to show up
take a good look at yourselves be proud
you